TINY-8099: Reviewing changelog for release (#7933)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added
- New `sidebar_show` option to show the specified sidebar on initialization. #TINY-8710
- New `newline_behavior` option controls what happens when the Return or Enter key is pressed or the `mceInsertNewLine` command is used. #TINY-8458

> - New `iframe_template_callback` option in the media plugin. Patch provided by Namstel. #TINY-8684

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New `iframe_template_callback` option in the Media plugin. Patch provided by Namstel. #TINY-8684
```
To keep this consistent with what's used below

> - New `sidebar_show` option to show the specified sidebar on initialization. #TINY-8710
> - New `newline_behavior` option controls what happens when the Return or Enter key is pressed or the `mceInsertNewLine` command is used. #TINY-8458
> - New `transparent` property for `iframe` dialog component. #TINY-8534
> - New `removeAttributeFilter` and `removeNodeFilter` functions added to the DomParser and DOM Serializer APIs. #TINY-7847
> - New `iframe_template_callback` option in the media plugin. Patch provided by Namstel. #TINY-8684
> - New dispatchChange UndoManager API to fire the change with current editor status as level and current undoManager layer as lastLevel. #TINY-8641

Author: ```suggestion
- New `sidebar_show` option to show the specified sidebar on initialization. #TINY-8710
- New `newline_behavior` option controls what happens when the Return or Enter key is pressed or the `mceInsertNewLine` command is used. #TINY-8458
- New `iframe_template_callback` option in the media plugin. Patch provided by Namstel. #TINY-8684
- New `transparent` property for `iframe` dialog component. #TINY-8534
- New `removeAttributeFilter` and `removeNodeFilter` functions added to the DomParser and DOM Serializer APIs. #TINY-7847
- New `dispatchChange` function added to the UndoManager API to fire the change with current editor status as level and current undoManager layer as lastLevel. #TINY-8641
```

### Improved

> - Clearer focus states for buttons while navigating with keyboard. #TINY-8557

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clearer focus states for buttons while navigating with a keyboard. #TINY-8557
```

> - Support annotating certain block elements directly when using the editor's Annotator API. #TINY-8698

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support annotating certain block elements directly when using the editor's Annotation API. #TINY-8698
```

> - Clearer focus states for buttons while navigating with keyboard. #TINY-8557
> - Support annotating certain block elements directly when using the editor annotator API. #TINY-8698
> - The `mceLink` command can now take the value `{ dialog: true }` to always open the link dialog. #TINY-8057
> - All help dialog links to `https://www.tiny.cloud` now include `rel="noopener"` to avoid potential security issues. #TINY-8834

Author: ```suggestion
- Clearer focus states for buttons while navigating with keyboard. #TINY-8557
- Support annotating certain block elements directly when using the editor's Annotator API. #TINY-8698
- The `mceLink` command can now take the value `{ dialog: true }` to always open the link dialog. #TINY-8057
- All help dialog links to `https://www.tiny.cloud` now include `rel="noopener"` to avoid potential security issues. #TINY-8834
```

### Changed

> - Toggling fullscreen mode with the `fullscreen` plugin now also fires the `ResizeEditor` event. #TINY-8701
> - Getting the editor's text content now returns newlines instead of an empty string if more than one empty paragraph exists. #TINY-8578
> - The `end_container_on_empty_block` option can now take a string of blocks, allowing the exiting of a blockquote element by pressing Return twice. #TINY-6559
> - The default value for `end_container_on_empty_block` option has been changed to `'blockquote'`. #TINY-6559
> - Custom elements are now treated as non-empty elements via the schema. #TINY-4784
> - The `autocompleter` menu element is now positioned instead of the wrapper. #TINY-6476
> - Choice menu items will now use the menuitemradio aria role to better reflect that only a single item can be active. #TINY-8602
> - Link menu and toolbar buttons now always execute the mceLink command. #TINY-8057

Author: ```suggestion
- The `end_container_on_empty_block` option can now take a string of blocks, allowing the exiting of a blockquote element by pressing Enter or Return twice. #TINY-6559
- The default value for `end_container_on_empty_block` option has been changed to `'blockquote'`. #TINY-6559
- Link menu and toolbar buttons now always execute the `mceLink` command. #TINY-8057
- Toggling fullscreen mode when using the `fullscreen` plugin now also fires the `ResizeEditor` event. #TINY-8701
- Getting the editor's text content now returns newlines instead of an empty string if more than one empty paragraph exists. #TINY-8578
- Custom elements are now treated as non-empty elements by the schema. #TINY-4784
- The autocompleter's menu HTML element is now positioned instead of the wrapper. #TINY-6476
- Choice menu items will now use the `'menuitemradio'` aria role to better reflect that only a single item can be active. #TINY-8602
```

### Fixed

> - Inconsistent visual behavior between choosing Edit -> Select All and typing Ctrl-A or ⌘-A when a document contained an image. #TINY-4550

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Inconsistent visual behavior between choosing Edit -> Select All and typing Ctrl+A or Cmd+A when a document contained an image. #TINY-4550
```

- Copy events were not dispatched in readonly mode. #TINY-6800
- `<pre>` tags were not preserved when copying and pasting. #TINY-7719
- The URL detection used for autolink and smart paste did not work if a path segment contained valid characters such as `!` and `:`. #TINY-8069
- In some cases pressing the Backspace or Delete key would incorrectly step into tables rather than remain outside. #TINY-8592
- Links opened when Alt+Enter or Option+Return was typed even when `preventDefault()` was called on the keydown event. #TINY-8661
- Inconsistent visual behavior between choosing Edit -> Select All and typing Ctrl+A or Cmd+A when a document contained an image. #TINY-4550
- Ctrl+Shift+Home/End or Cmd+Shift+Up-arrow/Down-arrow did not expand the selection to a `contenteditable="false"` element if the element was at the beginning or end of a document. #TINY-7795

> - Triple-clicking did not select the paragraph in Google Chrome in some circumstances. #TINY-8215

Reviewer 2: A little unsure on whether it should be `the` or `a` so just wanted to check.
```suggestion
- Triple-clicking did not select a paragraph in Google Chrome in some circumstances. #TINY-8215
```

- Images were not showing as selected when selected along with other content. #TINY-5947
- Selection direction was not stored or restored when getting or setting selection bookmarks. #TINY-8599
- When text within an inline boundary element was selected and the right-arrow key was pressed, the insertion point incorrectly moved to the left. #TINY-8601
- In some versions of Safari, the `editor.selection.isForward()` API could throw an exception due to an invalid selection. #TINY-8686
- The selection is no longer incorrectly moved inside a comment by the `editor.selection.normalize()` API. #TINY-7817
- The `InsertParagraph` or `mceInsertNewLine` commands did not delete the current selection like the native command does. #TINY-8606
- The `InsertLineBreak` command did not replace selected content. #TINY-8458
- If selected content straddled a parent and nested list, cutting the selection did not always set the list style to `'none'` on the parent list. #TINY-8078
- Delete operations could behave incorrectly if the selection contains a `contenteditable="false"` element located at the edge of content. #TINY-8729

> - Spaces were not added correctly on some browsers when the insertion point was immediately before or after a `contenteditable` block element. #TINY-8588

Reviewer 2: Maybe to better match some of the other entries?
```suggestion
- Spaces were not added correctly on some browsers when the insertion point was immediately before or after a `contenteditable="false"` block element. #TINY-8588
```

- Custom elements added to otherwise blank lines were removed during serialization. #TINY-4784
- Pasting columns in tables could, in some circumstances, result in an invalid table. #TINY-8040
- Copying columns in tables could sometimes result in an invalid copy. #TINY-8040
- The URL detection used for autolink and smart paste did not work if a path segment contained valid characters such as `!` and `:`. #TINY-8069
- If selected content straddled a parent and nested list, cutting the selection did not always set the list style to none on the parent list. #TINY-8078
- Autocompleter was not triggered at the start of empty nested list items within non-empty list items. #TINY-8759
- Some template plugin option values were not escaped properly when doing replacement lookups with Regular Expressions. #TINY-7433
- Copy events were not dispatched in readonly mode. #TINY-6800

> - Ctrl-Shift-Home/End or ⌘-Shift-Up-arrow/Down-arrow did not expand the selection to a `contenteditable=”false”` element if the element was at the beginning or end of a document. #TINY-7795

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ctrl+Shift+Home/End or Cmd+Shift+Up-arrow/Down-arrow did not expand the selection to a `contenteditable=”false”` element if the element was at the beginning or end of a document. #TINY-7795
```

- `<pre>` tags were not preserved when copying and pasting. #TINY-7719
- Preview and Insert Template dialogs now display the correct content background color when using dark skins. #TINY-8534

> - Fixed incorrect word breaks in {productname} menus when the menu presented with a scrollbar. #TINY-8572

Reviewer: Can't use `{productname}` here.
```suggestion
- Fixed incorrect word breaks in menus when the menu presented with a scrollbar. #TINY-8572
```

> - The InsertLineBreak command did not replace selected content. #TINY-8458

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `InsertLineBreak` command did not replace selected content. #TINY-8458
```

> - Autocompleter was not triggered at the start of empty nested list items within non-empty list items. #TINY-8759

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The editor's autocompleter was not triggered at the start of nested list items. #TINY-8759
```
This doesn't make any sense to me so just trying to make it, make sense... it's largely going back to the original. Also starting with `Autocompleter` doesn't make sense either. FYI @brian-forte so you can reword as needed.

> - Inconsistent visual behavior between choosing Edit -> Select All and typing Ctrl+A or Cmd+A when a document contained an image. #TINY-4550
> - Links opened when Alt-Return or Option-Return was typed even when `preventDefault()` was called on the keydown event. #TINY-8661
> - Spaces were not added correctly on some browsers when the insertion point was immediately before or after a `contenteditable` block element. #TINY-8588
> - Images were not showing as selected when selected along with other content. #TINY-5947
> - Images that used a Data URI were corrupted when the data wasn't base64 encoded. #TINY-8337
> - Notifications did not properly reposition when toggling fullscreen mode. #TINY-8701
> - Dialogs no longer exceed window height on smaller screens. #TINY-8146
> - Some function types in the `tinymce.dom.TreeWalker` class missed that it could return `undefined`. #TINY-8592
> - In some cases pressing the backspace key would incorrectly step into tables rather than remain outside. #TINY-8592
> - Text alignments, such as flush left and centered, could not be applied to `<pre>` elements. #TINY-7715
> - Nuget packages for .NET and .NET Core now copies TinyMCE into `/wwwroot/lib/` when TinyMCE is installed into a project. #TINY-8611
> - UI components, such as dialogs, would in some cases cause the esc keyup event to incorrectly trigger inside the editor. #TINY-7005
> - Selection direction was not stored/restored when getting/setting selection bookmarks. #TINY-8599
> - In some versions of Safari, the `editor.selection.isForward()` API could throw an exception due to an invalid selection. #TINY-8686
> - The InsertParagraph or `mceInsertNewLine` commands did not delete the current selection like the native command does. #TINY-8606
> - Triple-clicking did not select the paragraph in Google Chrome in some circumstances. #TINY-8215
> - When text within an inline boundary element was selected and the right-arrow key was pressed, the insertion point incorrectly moved to the left. #TINY-8601
> - Indenting or outdenting list items inside a block element that was inside another list item did not work. #TINY-7209
> - Changing the list type of a list within another block element altered the parent element that contained that list. #TINY-8068
> - Custom elements added to otherwise blank lines were removed during serialization. #TINY-4784
> - Pasting columns in tables could, in some circumstances, result in an invalid table. #TINY-8040
> - Copying columns in tables could sometimes result in an invalid copy. #TINY-8040
> - The URL detection used for autolink and smart paste did not work if a path segment contained valid characters such as `!` and `:`. #TINY-8069
> - If selected content straddled a parent and nested list, cutting the selection did not always set the list style to none on the parent list. #TINY-8078
> - Autocompleter was not triggered at the start of empty nested list items within non-empty list items. #TINY-8759
> - Some template plugin option values were not escaped properly when doing replacement lookups with Regular Expressions. #TINY-7433
> - Copy events were not dispatched in readonly mode. #TINY-6800
> - Ctrl+Shift+Home/End or Cmd+Shift+Up-arrow/Down-arrow did not expand the selection to a `contenteditable=”false”` element if the element was at the beginning or end of a document. #TINY-7795
> - `<pre>` tags were not preserved when copying and pasting. #TINY-7719
> - Preview and Insert Template dialogs now display the correct content background color when using dark skins. #TINY-8534
> - Fixed incorrect word breaks in menus when the menu presented with a scrollbar. #TINY-8572
> - The `InsertLineBreak` command did not replace selected content. #TINY-8458
> - Delete operations could behave incorrectly if the selection contains a `contenteditable="false"` element located at the edge of content. #TINY-8729
> - `uploadImages` no longer triggers two change events if there is a removal of images on upload. #TINY-8641
> - The selection is no longer incorrectly moved inside a comment by the `editor.selection.normalize()` API. #TINY-7817

Author: ```suggestion
- Inconsistent visual behavior between choosing Edit -> Select All and typing Ctrl+A or Cmd+A when a document contained an image. #TINY-4550
- Links opened when Alt+Return or Option+Return was typed even when `preventDefault()` was called on the keydown event. #TINY-8661
- Spaces were not added correctly on some browsers when the insertion point was immediately before or after a `contenteditable` block element. #TINY-8588
- Images were not showing as selected when selected along with other content. #TINY-5947
- Images that used a Data URI were corrupted when the data wasn't base64 encoded. #TINY-8337
- Notifications did not properly reposition when toggling fullscreen mode. #TINY-8701
- Dialogs no longer exceed window height on smaller screens. #TINY-8146
- Some function types in the TreeWalker API missed that it could return `undefined`. #TINY-8592
- In some cases pressing the Backspace or Delete key would incorrectly step into tables rather than remain outside. #TINY-8592
- Text alignments, such as flush left and centered, could not be applied to `<pre>` elements. #TINY-7715
- Nuget packages for .NET and .NET Core are now configured to copy TinyMCE into `/wwwroot/lib/` when TinyMCE is installed into a project. #TINY-8611
- UI components, such as dialogs, would in some cases cause the Esc keyup event to incorrectly trigger inside the editor. #TINY-7005
- Selection direction was not stored or restored when getting or setting selection bookmarks. #TINY-8599
- In some versions of Safari, the `editor.selection.isForward()` API could throw an exception due to an invalid selection. #TINY-8686
- The `InsertParagraph` or `mceInsertNewLine` commands did not delete the current selection like the native command does. #TINY-8606
- Triple-clicking did not select the paragraph in Google Chrome in some circumstances. #TINY-8215
- When text within an inline boundary element was selected and the right-arrow key was pressed, the insertion point incorrectly moved to the left. #TINY-8601
- Indenting or outdenting list items inside a block element that was inside another list item did not work. #TINY-7209
- Changing the list type of a list within another block element altered the parent element that contained that list. #TINY-8068
- Custom elements added to otherwise blank lines were removed during serialization. #TINY-4784
- Pasting columns in tables could, in some circumstances, result in an invalid table. #TINY-8040
- Copying columns in tables could sometimes result in an invalid copy. #TINY-8040
- The URL detection used for autolink and smart paste did not work if a path segment contained valid characters such as `!` and `:`. #TINY-8069
- If selected content straddled a parent and nested list, cutting the selection did not always set the list style to `'none'` on the parent list. #TINY-8078
- Autocompleter was not triggered at the start of empty nested list items within non-empty list items. #TINY-8759
- Some Template plugin option values were not escaped properly when doing replacement lookups with Regular Expressions. #TINY-7433
- Copy events were not dispatched in readonly mode. #TINY-6800
- Ctrl+Shift+Home/End or Cmd+Shift+Up-arrow/Down-arrow did not expand the selection to a `contenteditable=”false”` element if the element was at the beginning or end of a document. #TINY-7795
- `<pre>` tags were not preserved when copying and pasting. #TINY-7719
- Preview and Insert Template dialogs now display the correct content background color when using dark skins. #TINY-8534
- Fixed incorrect word breaks in menus when the menu presented with a scrollbar. #TINY-8572
- The `InsertLineBreak` command did not replace selected content. #TINY-8458
- Delete operations could behave incorrectly if the selection contains a `contenteditable="false"` element located at the edge of content. #TINY-8729
- `uploadImages` no longer triggers two change events if there is a removal of images on upload. #TINY-8641
- The selection is no longer incorrectly moved inside a comment by the `editor.selection.normalize()` API. #TINY-7817
```

> - Inconsistent visual behavior between choosing Edit -> Select All and typing Ctrl+A or Cmd+A when a document contained an image. #TINY-4550
> - Links opened when Alt+Return or Option+Return was typed even when `preventDefault()` was called on the keydown event. #TINY-8661
> - Spaces were not added correctly on some browsers when the insertion point was immediately before or after a `contenteditable` block element. #TINY-8588
> - Images were not showing as selected when selected along with other content. #TINY-5947
> - Images that used a Data URI were corrupted when the data wasn't base64 encoded. #TINY-8337
> - Notifications did not properly reposition when toggling fullscreen mode. #TINY-8701
> - Dialogs no longer exceed window height on smaller screens. #TINY-8146
> - Some function types in the TreeWalker API missed that it could return `undefined`. #TINY-8592
> - In some cases pressing the Backspace or Delete key would incorrectly step into tables rather than remain outside. #TINY-8592
> - Text alignments, such as flush left and centered, could not be applied to `<pre>` elements. #TINY-7715
> - Nuget packages for .NET and .NET Core are now configured to copy TinyMCE into `/wwwroot/lib/` when TinyMCE is installed into a project. #TINY-8611
> - UI components, such as dialogs, would in some cases cause the Esc keyup event to incorrectly trigger inside the editor. #TINY-7005
> - Selection direction was not stored or restored when getting or setting selection bookmarks. #TINY-8599
> - In some versions of Safari, the `editor.selection.isForward()` API could throw an exception due to an invalid selection. #TINY-8686
> - The `InsertParagraph` or `mceInsertNewLine` commands did not delete the current selection like the native command does. #TINY-8606
> - Triple-clicking did not select the paragraph in Google Chrome in some circumstances. #TINY-8215
> - When text within an inline boundary element was selected and the right-arrow key was pressed, the insertion point incorrectly moved to the left. #TINY-8601
> - Indenting or outdenting list items inside a block element that was inside another list item did not work. #TINY-7209
> - Changing the list type of a list within another block element altered the parent element that contained that list. #TINY-8068
> - Custom elements added to otherwise blank lines were removed during serialization. #TINY-4784
> - Pasting columns in tables could, in some circumstances, result in an invalid table. #TINY-8040
> - Copying columns in tables could sometimes result in an invalid copy. #TINY-8040
> - The URL detection used for autolink and smart paste did not work if a path segment contained valid characters such as `!` and `:`. #TINY-8069
> - If selected content straddled a parent and nested list, cutting the selection did not always set the list style to `'none'` on the parent list. #TINY-8078
> - Autocompleter was not triggered at the start of empty nested list items within non-empty list items. #TINY-8759
> - Some Template plugin option values were not escaped properly when doing replacement lookups with Regular Expressions. #TINY-7433
> - Copy events were not dispatched in readonly mode. #TINY-6800
> - Ctrl+Shift+Home/End or Cmd+Shift+Up-arrow/Down-arrow did not expand the selection to a `contenteditable=”false”` element if the element was at the beginning or end of a document. #TINY-7795
> - `<pre>` tags were not preserved when copying and pasting. #TINY-7719
> - Preview and Insert Template dialogs now display the correct content background color when using dark skins. #TINY-8534
> - Fixed incorrect word breaks in menus when the menu presented with a scrollbar. #TINY-8572
> - The `InsertLineBreak` command did not replace selected content. #TINY-8458
> - Delete operations could behave incorrectly if the selection contains a `contenteditable="false"` element located at the edge of content. #TINY-8729
> - `uploadImages` no longer triggers two change events if there is a removal of images on upload. #TINY-8641
> - The selection is no longer incorrectly moved inside a comment by the `editor.selection.normalize()` API. #TINY-7817

Author: ```suggestion
- Some Template plugin option values were not escaped properly when doing replacement lookups with Regular Expressions. #TINY-7433
- Copy events were not dispatched in readonly mode. #TINY-6800
- In some cases pressing the Backspace or Delete key would incorrectly step into tables rather than remain outside. #TINY-8592
- Links opened when Alt+Return or Option+Return was typed even when `preventDefault()` was called on the keydown event. #TINY-8661
- Inconsistent visual behavior between choosing Edit -> Select All and typing Ctrl+A or Cmd+A when a document contained an image. #TINY-4550
- Ctrl+Shift+Home/End or Cmd+Shift+Up-arrow/Down-arrow did not expand the selection to a `contenteditable=”false”` element if the element 
was at the beginning or end of a document. #TINY-7795
- Triple-clicking did not select the paragraph in Google Chrome in some circumstances. #TINY-8215
- Images were not showing as selected when selected along with other content. #TINY-5947
- Selection direction was not stored or restored when getting or setting selection bookmarks. #TINY-8599
- In some versions of Safari, the `editor.selection.isForward()` API could throw an exception due to an invalid selection. #TINY-8686
- The selection is no longer incorrectly moved inside a comment by the `editor.selection.normalize()` API. #TINY-7817
- The `InsertParagraph` or `mceInsertNewLine` commands did not delete the current selection like the native command does. #TINY-8606
- The `InsertLineBreak` command did not replace selected content. #TINY-8458
- When text within an inline boundary element was selected and the right-arrow key was pressed, the insertion point incorrectly moved to the left. #TINY-8601
- If selected content straddled a parent and nested list, cutting the selection did not always set the list style to `'none'` on the parent list. #TINY-8078
- Delete operations could behave incorrectly if the selection contains a `contenteditable="false"` element located at the edge of content. #TINY-8729
- Spaces were not added correctly on some browsers when the insertion point was immediately before or after a `contenteditable` block element. #TINY-8588
- Images that used a Data URI were corrupted when the data wasn't base64 encoded. #TINY-8337
- `uploadImages` no longer triggers two change events if there is a removal of images on upload. #TINY-8641
- Preview and Insert Template dialogs now display the correct content background color when using dark skins. #TINY-8534
- Dialogs no longer exceed window height on smaller screens. #TINY-8146
- UI components, such as dialogs, would in some cases cause the Esc keyup event to incorrectly trigger inside the editor. #TINY-7005
- Fixed incorrect word breaks in menus when the menu presented with a scrollbar. #TINY-8572
- Notifications did not properly reposition when toggling fullscreen mode. #TINY-8701
- Text alignments, such as flush left and centered, could not be applied to `<pre>` elements. #TINY-7715
- Indenting or outdenting list items inside a block element that was inside another list item did not work. #TINY-7209
- Changing the list type of a list within another block element altered the parent element that contained that list. #TINY-8068
- Pasting columns in tables could, in some circumstances, result in an invalid table. #TINY-8040
- Copying columns in tables could sometimes result in an invalid copy. #TINY-8040
- Custom elements added to otherwise blank lines were removed during serialization. #TINY-4784
- The URL detection used for autolink and smart paste did not work if a path segment contained valid characters such as `!` and `:`. #TINY-8069
- Autocompleter was not triggered at the start of empty nested list items within non-empty list items. #TINY-8759
- `<pre>` tags were not preserved when copying and pasting. #TINY-7719
- Some function types in the TreeWalker API missed that it could return `undefined`. #TINY-8592
- Nuget packages for .NET and .NET Core are now configured to copy TinyMCE into `/wwwroot/lib/` when TinyMCE is installed into a project. #TINY-8611
```

Reviewer: Not sure when you want to do it, but `Alt+Return` should be `Alt+Enter` given it's aimed at Windows keyboards.

Reviewer: `contenteditable=”false”` the wrong quotation marks have been used here by the looks?

Reviewer: Something has gone wrong on line 39/40 as that should be a single line.

Reviewer: ```
- When text within an inline boundary element was selected and the right-arrow key was pressed, the insertion point incorrectly moved to the left. #TINY-8601
```
This on line 47 is selection based, so it probably should be moved up a couple lines so it's with the other selection items (line 38-45)

Reviewer: ```
- `<pre>` tags were not preserved when copying and pasting. #TINY-7719
```
and 
```
- Copy events were not dispatched in readonly mode. #TINY-6800
```
are copy related so maybe should be together?

Author: ```suggestion
- Some Template plugin option values were not escaped properly when doing replacement lookups with Regular Expressions. #TINY-7433
- Copy events were not dispatched in readonly mode. #TINY-6800
- `<pre>` tags were not preserved when copying and pasting. #TINY-7719
- The URL detection used for autolink and smart paste did not work if a path segment contained valid characters such as `!` and `:`. #TINY-8069
- In some cases pressing the Backspace or Delete key would incorrectly step into tables rather than remain outside. #TINY-8592
- Links opened when Alt+Enter or Option+Return was typed even when `preventDefault()` was called on the keydown event. #TINY-8661
- Inconsistent visual behavior between choosing Edit -> Select All and typing Ctrl+A or Cmd+A when a document contained an image. #TINY-4550
- Ctrl+Shift+Home/End or Cmd+Shift+Up-arrow/Down-arrow did not expand the selection to a `contenteditable="false"` element if the element was at the beginning or end of a document. #TINY-7795
- Triple-clicking did not select the paragraph in Google Chrome in some circumstances. #TINY-8215
- Images were not showing as selected when selected along with other content. #TINY-5947
- Selection direction was not stored or restored when getting or setting selection bookmarks. #TINY-8599
- When text within an inline boundary element was selected and the right-arrow key was pressed, the insertion point incorrectly moved to the left. #TINY-8601
- In some versions of Safari, the `editor.selection.isForward()` API could throw an exception due to an invalid selection. #TINY-8686
- The selection is no longer incorrectly moved inside a comment by the `editor.selection.normalize()` API. #TINY-7817
- The `InsertParagraph` or `mceInsertNewLine` commands did not delete the current selection like the native command does. #TINY-8606
- The `InsertLineBreak` command did not replace selected content. #TINY-8458
- If selected content straddled a parent and nested list, cutting the selection did not always set the list style to `'none'` on the parent list. #TINY-8078
- Delete operations could behave incorrectly if the selection contains a `contenteditable="false"` element located at the edge of content. #TINY-8729
- Spaces were not added correctly on some browsers when the insertion point was immediately before or after a `contenteditable` block element. #TINY-8588
- Images that used a Data URI were corrupted when the data wasn't base64 encoded. #TINY-8337
- `uploadImages` no longer triggers two change events if there is a removal of images on upload. #TINY-8641
- Preview and Insert Template dialogs now display the correct content background color when using dark skins. #TINY-8534
- Dialogs no longer exceed window height on smaller screens. #TINY-8146
- UI components, such as dialogs, would in some cases cause the Esc keyup event to incorrectly trigger inside the editor. #TINY-7005
- Fixed incorrect word breaks in menus when the menu presented with a scrollbar. #TINY-8572
- Notifications did not properly reposition when toggling fullscreen mode. #TINY-8701
- Text alignments, such as flush left and centered, could not be applied to `<pre>` elements. #TINY-7715
- Indenting or outdenting list items inside a block element that was inside another list item did not work. #TINY-7209
- Changing the list type of a list within another block element altered the parent element that contained that list. #TINY-8068
- Pasting columns in tables could, in some circumstances, result in an invalid table. #TINY-8040
- Copying columns in tables could sometimes result in an invalid copy. #TINY-8040
- Custom elements added to otherwise blank lines were removed during serialization. #TINY-4784
- Autocompleter was not triggered at the start of empty nested list items within non-empty list items. #TINY-8759
- Some function types in the TreeWalker API missed that it could return `undefined`. #TINY-8592
- Nuget packages for .NET and .NET Core are now configured to copy TinyMCE into `/wwwroot/lib/` when TinyMCE is installed into a project. #TINY-8611
```
